Flutter api docs (#2818)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/graphqlapi/fragments/flutter/authz/30_multi.md

<amplify-callout>

> OIDC modes is not available just yet for Flutter. We are actively working on this. 

Reviewer: Include a link to a GitHub issue where customers can track the feature and vote for it.

This looks like it was copied from the OIDC snipped. However, the file name is `30_multi.md`. I believe this text should read something like:

```suggestion
Using multiple modes of authorization at once is not currently supported by Flutter. We are actively working on this. 
```
